Update Website to Include Wrapped Windows Control Blurb (#395)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/view-managers.md

__Important__: The `IsPerspectiveEnabled` property is experimental and support for it may be removed in the future.

### Note about wrapping Windows controls

> As described above, some native UI components such as `ScrollView` and `TextInput` have been built by wrapping native Windows controls from the UWP XAML controls library. As a result, their visual appearance, animations, etc. will always match their native Windows counterpart. UI components can also be built using Javascript. In this case, the component's source code does not wrap a native control, but rather combines already contructed React Native Windows components to build itself. Components built in this way contain no C++/C# code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described above, some native UI components such as `ScrollView` and `TextInput` have been built by wrapping native Windows controls from the UWP XAML controls library. As a result, their visual appearance, animations, user experience, accessibility, etc. will always match their native Windows counterpart. 

UI components can also be built using Javascript. In this case, the component's source code does not wrap a native control, but rather combines already constructed React Native Windows components to build itself. Components built in this way contain no native code.

```

Reviewer: It'll probably be a good idea to have some blurb about the various pros/cons of the two approaches. For example, wrapping will provide full-fidelity native code, but trade-off cross-platform user experience. JS controls can be service-delivered and styled using CSS concepts, but lack full native fidelity and require you to build your own accessibility solutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As described above, some native UI components such as `ScrollView` and `TextInput` have been built by wrapping native Windows controls from the UWP XAML controls library. As a result, their visual appearance, animations, user experience, accessibility, etc. will always match their native Windows counterpart. 

UI components can also be built using JavaScript. In this case, the component's source code does not wrap a native control, but rather combines already constructed React Native Windows components to build itself. Components built in this way contain no native code. However, components built this way may not be as fully-featured or match the look and feel of the operating system the app is running on.
```

__Important__: The `IsPerspectiveEnabled` property is experimental and support for it may be removed in the future.

### Note about wrapping Windows controls
As described above, some native UI components such as `ScrollView` and `TextInput` have been built by wrapping native Windows controls from the UWP XAML controls library. As a result, their visual appearance, animations, user experience, accessibility, etc. will always match their native Windows counterpart. 

> UI components can also be built using JavaScript. In this case, the component's source code does not wrap a native control, but rather combines already constructed React Native Windows components to build itself. Components built in this way contain no native code.

Reviewer 2: does not _necessarily_/_directly_ wrap a native control
something will eventually draw some pixels on screen, through a native ui control, so at some point someone wraps a native control (unless people are directly drawing with win2d)

Author: Ok! I took the paragraph on line 32 from the tooltip statement we landed on for the "Wrapped Windows Control" badge in gallery. Should I be scrapping that paragraph and replacing with ^^? Or leave it and then follow with the note you mentioned above?

Reviewer 3: TextInput at least shouldn't match the windows visual appearance.  TextInput in react-native is a primitive concept, not a full UI component.  -- And as such it doesn't match the windows visual appearance, as it shouldn't have any border etc like the native control has.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is an important point.

@chiaramooney / @stmoy  maybe it would be worth adding a page with a table of which UI components in RNW just wrap the native control versus not?

> If you are looking for your constructed component to always match the styling of its counterpart in Windows, choosing to build your component by wrapping a XAML control would be the best option for you. Follow the steps below to learn how to build your native UI component. Conversely, if this characteristic is not important for your component's purpose, construct the component in JavaScript using other React Native Windows components as building blocks. Follow the steps [here](https://reactnative.dev/docs/intro-react) to learn how to build your component. 

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should clarify that if you want to use vanilla XAML controls without any extensive customization you can use the react-native-xaml module
